this thing has been gone up by the slugs
in the sphere and call jeff wants what
the same last week I try a grueling
postulate and a choice it was big enough
to look after itself and one got a strap
would look looks at me not even see the
flame feels about the claim of here and
the gallon isn't so good oh no only here
lool they've had me broccoli the team of
top of me spring onions and I've had me
properly as well Oh buck say again I
grew big enough to to Hamlet but I've
got out it so look at this man yes mir
ali pasha and I've had these as well
like they haven't even eaten just leave
they've had the world radically up the
beatnuts horrible man I put lords and
year as well enough just about had the
more I can't believe it well I know what
this means this is war
Oh haces eat me pumps great this is me
armory against the slugs it to me who
are Ian's of weapons that I use some
people use salt main but I don't use it
on the garden because it spoils the soil
spoils the fun they see has egg shells
no you're best off dry knees in the oven
a little bit first so that were nice and
dry in TX all the crap out inside and
stops the wrath to come with your sprint
Lee's round and the clubs and rest near
as will the slimy people like going over
them so you put Emma on the plant put
them run the plant say that and just
crumble them put you need quite a few
with them this just handy cause I like a
better fair so when I get a big nasty
slogan I think he's been eating a lot me
fancy gets laughed telus I don't really
like using kissing affect the birds for
some names mean that you've got to I can
get these and any any other stores you
just sprinkle them around not so many
now this stuff normal house will copper
where you use copper pipes you strip it
down and get a bit then you can put this
around the plan so this is fully this is
quite magic because M will the foot on
the slugs and snails or slay me and when
the girl recover some sign as I've said
to get this little electric shock we put
a little color like that roan the plant
and the claim over it don't like that
these are my favorite these army special
slug and snail killing scissors I like
was snippy snippy just nip them in half
perfect and last the leg bise do we get
these beer club these ones are gorging
by these quite posh from the shop and
they've got the cover you say so what it
means is and dilute all appear in the
bureau a thought but all you do is pop
you can put about two inches in the
bottom of that and they'll claim in
there and those are swimming the get
drunk and then the digit and they drink
themselves to oblivion just just like me
mum and then there well these aren't
really for killing slugs and snails just
gonna have a low floor
right let's go to work
now here's what that's what I mean see
the big slimy foot on them got a big
slimy foot that's for it when it goes
over the copper and that don't like that
or the egg cells it's too rough for them
because it's nice and smooth and say Nia
see these girls go me hands mud
these Army Specialist to pieces Oleg's
abstract alone you bastard oh the edge 1
i'll get them with these snippy's Harry
go OMB series already jingle that's
where the sewer worms that got them all
ready to pick them out the shells
just let me be your traps now so all you
need to couple of inches in the bottom
any beer will do the cheap stuff the
best this is quite think he's a special
brutal a trackless look and then you put
it in the war and then as I said before
you need a cup on make that stops the
ring get lid you have a little drink
more this book remains as this one time
in the scent of the T it goes to see how
people work and like job experiences and
went down to where Bridewell Pearson and
bristol and there went out in the boat
with them it was some of the police and
this one policeman you all he does his
deals with like beggars and people
drinking on the street and went over
well when I was with him and talk to
these group of world man and they were
sitting on the bench in the Royal
drinking this stuff and they're one of
them csma hey it was he young lad can
you give us a cigarette or a have you
got any spare change and I see us right
wait hang on enough I got a cigarette lb
box and I got fit about 50 payin change
I said leg or choose one of the other
and says what do you mean has his truth
once we took that took the money and I
csa beggars can't be choosers on the
break
all going here look he's on me card he's
on me tarde look he's eating that you
see where it's being seized foot eating
he's got a little and crawl on his back
there look at them the pair of them I
work and they galilei partners I'll get
him I'm just going to snip snip it'll
all be over in a second Kelly ah ah ah
hang on that's it snippy slippy slippy
snapped at him all over in a second he
didn't feel a thing well it's been quite
a successful even and down here on the
allotment snogging steel huntin we're
gonna quit about a few not many but it
does give an example to the rest of them
so I'm gonna hang around here until it
gets a little bit properly dark and and
guess maybe a big dump I bring some more
out now gets more snippy snippy but you
better get yourself aware now cuz the
the allotments no place to be on your
own at night so we'll see you next time
I I shouldn't really be drinking this
special brew it goes really really angry